Rationale for connection separator in changelog (#136)
3liz/qgis-pgmetadata-plugin: CHANGELOG.md

* Fix handling of backslashes in file:// links to Windows files (contribution from @effjot Florian Jenn)
* Add phone number field (contribution from @effjot Florian Jenn)
* Email links are now clickable

> * Connection names are now separated by `!!::!!` so that semicolons (former separator) can be usd in connection nmes

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Connection names are now separated by `!!::!!` so that semicolons (former separator) can be used in connection names
```
